---
layout: post
title: "About Me but make it longer"
---

Welcome to About Me!

Here you will learn *more* about me like when is my birthday, hobbies, dream, and much more. Let's get right into it!

## Birthdate

I was born on May, 24th 2003. I'm a bit old now *sigh*

---

## Hobbies

Actually, i have quite a few hobbies, but here's 2 of them

- Cycling: I SURE DO LOVE CYCLING. Anytime i feel bored and don't have any clue what to do, i'll hop on my bike and cycle around the town. I ride specifically roadbike, the one that maybe you have seen for a couple of times on the street. The one that can go pretty fast and take the half of the road:D

- Video Games: What do i do beside cycling? Yes, playing video games. I already played video games since i was 5 years old i think. Video games help me go through difficult times and basically it's my first hobby. I love playing action, RPG games and sports games such as Cyberpunk 2077, Fifa and my personally favorite game of all time: Assassin's Creed.  

## Volunteer Experience

UNION 4.0
Staff of Event Organizer	Dec 2021 – Feb 2022

•	Brainstormed and implemented event concepts and themes

•	maintained punctuality throughout the event

---

BUSINESS FAIR 2021
Manager of Event Organizer	Dec 2021 – Jan 2022

•	Conducted a successful webinar and a competition in the span of a month, succeeded reaching a total of more than 100 amount participants.

•	Managed tasks and led a team of 6 people while also coordinating with other divisions.

•	Organized and planned schedule, conducted the event rehearsal and also evaluated it. 

•	Negotiated with sponsors on advertisement placement on the schedule. 

---

BASIC 2.0 
Staff of Event Organizer	Oct 2021 – Nov 2021

•	Planned a rundown for opening and closing ceremony.  

•	Discussed the concept of the event.

---

CARASEL LEGANTARA 
Stage Manager	Aug 2020 – Oct 2020
•	Ensuring every performance on stage run accordingly to the plan and concepts.

•	Conducted rehearsal schedules. 

•	Coordinated with vendor on how the show would like to be executed on stage.

•	The event went really well with Ardhito Pramono and Ziva Magnolya as two of the most anticipated performer while also reaching more than 1000 audiences.
